The home page is the central area from which you can access all of the other pages in the app. If, at any time, you wish to return to the home page, simply press the house icon in the upper right hand corner of the screen.

This app is intended for use in getting your child, or children, ready for kindergarten. In this app, you will find daily tips on activities you can do with your child or children, an event calendar tailored to your child or children, and much more! It is recommended that you use the United Way of Champaign, IL Pre-K app on a daily basis to achieve the best results.

The news feed page is where you can view the latest RSS posts from CU and CU area organizations, such as ChambanaMoms.com, Champaign Park District, Champaign Public Library, and more!

When selected, the progress button will take you to the select Child screen, where you will select the child you would like to see the progress of. Simply select the child whose progress you wish to check and this will take you to the checklists page for that particular child. If, at any time, you wish to switch from the checklist you are currently viewing to another checklist, simply press the back arrow next to the checklist title. If, at any time, you wish to switch the child you are checking on, simply press the back arrow by your child's icon, and this will take you back to the select Child page.

The resources page is where you can find helpful links to local parenting organizations, educational resources, and United Way contact information. Simply select the resource you would like to view, and and an external link will take you to the website of your selected resource.

When selected, the progress button will take you to the select Child screen, where you will select the child you would like to see the progress of. Simply select the child whose progress you wish to check and this will take you to the checklists page for that particular child. If, at any time, you wish to switch from the checklist you are currently viewing to another checklist, simply press the back arrow next to the checklist title. If, at any time, you wish to switch the child you are checking on, simply press the back arrow by your child's icon, and this will take you back to the select Child page.

The tips section is tailored to your child's specific age and development. When selected, the tips button will take you to the child selection screen, where you will select the child you would like to see tailored tips for.Simply select the desired child, and this will take you to the tips screen for that child. There are four categories of tips: Health and Well Being, Growth and Development, Safety, and Playtime. Each category will contain helpful tips to strengthen your child in that particular area. If, at any time, you wish to switch the category of tips that you are currently viewing, simply press the back arrow in the colored category bar at the top of the screen. If, at any time, you wish to switch the child you are viewing tips on, simply press the back arrow by your child's icon, and this will take you back to the child selection page.

The books page is where you can find lists of recommended books categorized by age.

When selected, the calendar page will always go to the current day first, and will display the suggested activity of the day and any events that are tailored to fit your child or children. To go to the full month display, simply press the calendar button near the bottom. To view past or future days, or to go back to the present day, simply select the date while in the full month display. To switch between months, take your finger and swipe to the left or to the right to go either forward or backward in months. Note: The calendar is non-editable, and customized entries cannot be entered into the calendar.

The favorites page is where you can view what you have favorited from other pages, such as the News, Tips and Events. You can revisit what you have favorited by clicking on the title of the element.

The help page is where you can look at instructional pages, like this one, that explain how to use certain areas of the app. If, at any time, you wish to view the help page of a certain area of the app, simply press the question mark icon in the upper right hand corner of the screen.